---
layout: post
title: Expedition to the Poetry Archive
---

# How is the site organised?
The Poetry Archive website is split into blocks of different heights from top to bottom, respectively dedicated to the navigation bar, the main banner, Wordview 2021 Winners selections and other functions of the site. All sections are extended to both left and right sides covering the whole view. Inside the blocks, some contain contents as a whole while others are separated into multiple sub-sections, but the overall page margin is consistent throughout the homepage.

# What kinds of content are featured on the site?
There’re texts, images, videos and audio on the site.

# In what ways does the site help you to discover content?
In the main banner, there’s a search bar where you can type in poet or poem names to search any particular one in mind. Further down there’re some recommendations made by the website under the Listener’s Pick section, where you can also click into the poem page or the poet page to discover more related content. On the Explore Poetry page, you can search and filter the type, theme, glossary, etc. to locate specific pieces.

# What does the site do to facilitate appreciation of poetry?
It invites the poets to speak their own poems, which could help us gain a deeper understanding of the work. Also, there’s a small icon of eye beside every recording of the poem reading, for “distraction free” mode, which darkens the whole view of the webpage and only shows the playback progress bar at the bottom. This can help the listeners to appreciate the pure reading of the poem and not let distracted by other elements on the page.

# What does the site do to facilitate research on poetry?
There’re abundant resources of poem archives on this website and can be searched, retrieved, filtered by different tags. Moreover, the website implemented a glossary ordered alphabetically to facilitate researcher’s work. 
