---
layout: post
title: Answers to the Questions about Hansard Website
---

# What kinds of research could people do using the information in Hansard as a resource?

As the debates have been recorded since more than 200 years ago, linguists may be able to apply text analysis techniques to the contents and study the evolution of English language used in formal settings. Also, researchers in the field of Natural Language Processing could make use of this large text corpus as training sets to train pertinent machine learning algorithm.
On the other hand, there could be possibility for network analysis of PMs and Lords Members. On the website, information about the political group, spoken contributions, voting record is well organized under the specific member’s page. Moreover, this could contribute to researches about the history of parliament majority and minority parties development.

# How well does the Hansard website facilitate those kinds of research?

There’s abundant information of both House of Commons and House of Lords debates even dating back to 1802, with records of debates contents, division results, related members, etc., and all is well interlinked among each other within the website.
## Available data formats:
There’re different file download formats based on various types of records. For example, you can download PDF files for all contents and documents of a particular day’s sitting and proceedings; for specific debates the .txt format is available since it’s only text content. 
For the members and division section, I haven’t found any option to download. So, I suppose it may require other techniques like web crawling, etc.

## Information retrieval function:
There’s information retrieval function embedded in the website which could facilitate the keyword and date search. For example you can search any keyword or name in the search bar on the main website or go into more detail and apply more filters in the subsections under House of Commons or House of Lords page.
